A Surviving Soldier (ghost) [Chapter 4]
Used in: 1 (Samurai Arm IV)
Found at: Veniccio, in cave to far left, behind boulder
Scoop Memo: A warrior who died long ago in Veniccio roams around night after
night.  What? You scared?

Ancient Mural [Chapter 4]
Used in: 1 (Escape Powder)
Found at: Ocean's Roar Cave, Cave of the Ancient Mural
Scoop Memo: Grab a nice shot of the mural of the imaginary world of the &quot;Moon
of Destruction&quot;.

Baron's Hangin' On [Chapter 1]
Used in: 0
Found at: Underground Channel, when Vanguard is inverted for slam attack
Scoop Memo: Get a shot of Baron Balloon being flipped over by a Vanguard
during a Trample Attack!

Bomber Head Boom! [Chapter 5]
Used in: 0
Found at: Mount Gundor, reduce a Bomber Head to near death, then take a
picture when he explodes
Scoop Memo: This one might be a little tough.  You need to get a shot of this
thing when it comes after you and self-destructs.

Brave Little Linda (missable) [Chapter 1]
Used in: 1 (Question Shooter)
Found at: Underground Channel, with forelegs in air
Scoop Memo: Watch for the moment Linda stomps down on you with her front
foot.  It might be a little scary, but you can do it.
Missable: Only during boss battle

Burning Dragon Fire [Chapter 3]
Used in: 1 (Premium Chicken)
Found at: Starlight Canyon, take picture as it's breathing fire
Scoop Memo: The moment a dragon, with its piercing gaze, spits fire at you.

Changing Dog Statue [Chapter 3]
Used in: 0
Found at: Starlight Canyon, as Dog Statue is changing from a block
Scoop Memo: The moment that cute Dog Statue changes its shape, you click that
shutter.

Charging Ram [Chapter 3]
Used in: 2 (Wild Cat, Wise Owl Sword)
Found at: Starlight Canyon, as Ram is charging
Scoop Memo: They've got big bellies, but they also got the fastest legs you
ever did see.  Just catch one of them on film, buddy.

Clown Robo's Attack (missable) [Chapter 1]
Used in: 6 (Clown Foot, Clown Hand, Clown Hand II, Clown Hand III,
Clown Hand IV, Clown Shoes)
Found at: Underground Channel, with eye open to shoot missile
Scoop Memo: Catch that horrifying moment when the Clown Robo launches its
missiles.  But watch out 'cause you won't have much time!
Missable: Only during boss battle

Dangerous Pumpkin [Chapter 2]
Used in: 0
Found at: Rainbow Butterfly Wood, when Pumpkinhead is twirling his weapon
Scoop Memo: When it's swinging its weapon, Pumpkinhead's a dangerous one.
Catch it in the act, kid.

Doctor Jaming (missable) [Chapter 4]
Used in: 0
Found at: Shigura Village, take a picture of Jaming's flying machine
Scoop Memo: Get a shot of Jaming in action, pulling the Shiguras' strings.
Missable: Only during boss battle

Earth Gem Altar [Chapter 6]
Used in: 1 (Hammer Arm III)
Found at: Rainbow Butterfly Wood, altar on which the Earth Gem rests
NOTE: This is NOT the same as the Earth Altar!  See the Ideas section
for the location of the Earth Altar.
Scoop Memo: Get a shot of the Earth Gem Altar in Rainbow Butterfly Wood.

Face Behind the Devil Mask [Chapter 3]
Used in: 0
Found at: Starlight Canyon, take picture of Masked Tribesman's open mouth
Scoop Memo: Those Masked Tribesmen fall flat on their backs.  Get in there
and snap one of their silly faces behind their mask shields.

Faintin' Bone Lord [Chapter 5]
Used in: 0
Found at: Mount Gundor, stun him with a rock at take a picture of his head
Scoop Memo: When that Bone Lord goes unconscious, watch him, because his eyes
go all googley.  Take the shot then.

Fallen Battleship [Chapter 5]
Used in: 0
Found at: Mount Gundor Mouth, take a picture of the wreckage of the Death
Ark
Scoop Memo: Get a nice shot of the site where that Death Ark crashed!

Find the Golden Egg! [Chapter 2]
Used in: 1 (Double Pudding)
Found at: Jurak Mall, on Jurak's Branch when Georama is 100%
Scoop Memo: Go for a shot of that fantastic shiny golden egg at Jurak Mall in
the future.

Fire Gem Altar [Chapter 6]
Used in: 2 (Missile Pod Arm IV, Nova Cannon II)
Found at: Mount Gundor, altar on which the Fire Gem rests
NOTE: This is NOT the same as the Fire Altar!  See the Ideas section
for the location of the Fire Altar.
Scoop Memo: Get a shot of the Fire Gem Altar in Mount Gundor.

Fire Squall (missable) [Chapter 5]
Used in: 2 (Albatross, Barrel Cannon IV)
Found at: Mount Gundor Summit, large machine spewing fire
Scoop Memo: The fearsome device Fire Squall that rains fire on Heim Rada.  Go
get a shot of that!
Missable: Only before you blow it up :-)

Floatin' Earth Digger [Chapter 2]
Used in: 0
Found at: Rainbow Butterfly Wood, when Moler is jumping
Scoop Memo: They're always moving around underground.  Catch one of them
Molers up in the air a rare sight indeed.

Flotsam Revived! (missable) [Chapter 8]
Used in: 2 (Nova Cannon IV, Samurai Arm IV)
Found at: Zelmite Mines, A Suspicious Opening, &quot;Immortal Clown Metal Flotsam&quot;
Missable: Only during boss battle

Flower of the Sun [Chapter 7]
Used in: 1 (Drill Arm IV)
Found at: Moon Flower Palace Garden, flower laying on the Sun Table
Scoop Memo: Get a picture of a Sun Flower from the Flower Garden or
Alexandra's room.

Flying Battleship (missable) [Chapter 3]
Used in: 0
Found at: Starlight Canyon, during the fight to protect Lin
-OR- Shigura Village, in the background of the battle with Jaming
-OR- Mount Gundor Summit, while fighting the Death Ark
Scoop Memo: Try pointin' your camera at Death Ark, the flying warship.
Missable: Only during boss battles

Gigantor Paznos [Chapter 6]
Used in: 2 (Heavy Hammer, Ruler's Sword)
Found at: Kazarov Stonehenge, once the Chrono Union has been executed
Scoop Memo: Get a shot of the rebel army's mobile base, Paznos, from
Kazarov Stonehenge.

Griffon's Real Face (missable) [Chapter 7]
Used in: 0
Found at: Moon Flower Palace, anytime during the battle with Griffon
Scoop Memo: Emperor Griffon, master of darkness.  It'd certainly be a scoop
to get one of him.
Missable: Only during boss battle

Gyumo's Yell [Chapter 2]
Used in: 1 (Leather Shoes)
Found at: Rainbow Butterfly Wood, shoot him, then take picture when he yells
Scoop Memo: Right when Gyumo's screaming.  Maybe, it's trying to intimidate
everyone.  Get this moment on film.

Hot Springs Spirit (ghost) [Chapter 5]
Used in: 1 (Resurrection Powder)
Found at: Heim Rada, floating over the hot spring to the right of the ramp
Scoop Memo: I've heard Heim Rada is a bit of a spot for ghosts.  Don't worry.
You won't be cursed.

Hurray For Rock Man! [Chapter 3]
Used in: 0
Found at: Starlight Canyon, take a picture of a Golem as it prepares a ground
slam attack (hands over head)
Scoop Memo: An attack by a Golem.  Get it the second one raises up both arms.
Temperamental buggers, aren't they?

Hmmmm! Jurak [Chapter 2]
Used in: 2 (Anti-Curse Amulet, Wooden Box Body)
Found at: Jurak Mall, after reviving Jurak
Scoop Memo: Grab a shot of Jurak, the resurrected Elder of the Forest
Spirits.

Ixion [Chapter 6]
Used in: 2 (Drill Arm III, Laser Arm II)
Found at: Moon Flower Palace, immediately after arriving
Scoop Memo: The superexpress that flies through time and space!  Get a
picture of Ixion!

Kazarov Stonehenge [Chapter 6]
Used in: 0
Found at: Kazarov Stonehenge, take a picture of the central altars
Scoop Memo: Check out the three altars in the center of Kazarov Stonehenge.

King Mardan (missable) [Chapter 2]
Used in: 1 (Stamina Drink)
Found at: Rainbow Butterfly Wood, as soon as you regain control of the your
character
Scoop Memo: It's the peculiar giant fish from Fish Monster Swamp.  It may be
a little gross, but I know you can handle it.
Missable: Only until you give him the Priscleen

Lafrescia Stem [Chapter 2]
Used in: 1 (Lure Rod)
Found at: Rainbow Butterfly Wood, last level, after using seed and sundrop
Scoop Memo: The impossibly big Lafrecia.  Catch its fully grown stem for a
great shot.

Lava Road [Chapter 5]
Used in: 0
Found at: Mount Gundor Mouth, path created by using the Fire Horn
Scoop Memo: What would happen if you blew the legendary Fire Horn?  Who
knows?  But make sure you have your camera at the ready!

Legend of the Moon [Chapter 7]
Used in: 2 (Laser Arm IV, Samurai Arm IV)
Found at: Moon Flower Palace, Dream Spiral, while timer is counting down

Master Utan [Chapter 2]
Used in: 0
Found at: Rainbow Butterfly Wood, Fish Monster Swamp, when he is sick
Scoop Memo: Aim for Master Utan when it's in pain from eating the Forbidden
Fruit.

Moon Crystal [Chapter 3]
Used in: 3 (Cannon Ball Arm III, Magic Gun, Spike Boots)
Found at: Starlight Temple, glowing orb in center of temple
Scoop Memo: You know that big crystal in the middle of Starlight Temple?  Get
a shot of that.

Moon Flower Palace [Chapter 6]
Used in: 1 (Princess Boots)
Found at: Take a picture of the door of the Palace before confronting Griffon
Scoop Memo: It's the castle where Griffon is.  Real fancy place.  Get a shot
of the entrance as proof you were there.

Mr. Big Shot's Shadow (missable) [Chapter 8]
Used in: 0
Found at: Zelmite Mines, Zelmite Mines Depths, the Dark Genie
Missable: Only during boss battle

Nice Massage [Chapter 3]
Used in: 0
Found at: Starlight Canyon, take a picture as the Priest of Rama has its
hands behind its back (looks like it's rubbing its back)
Scoop Memo: This one's the best.  Priest of Rama likes his massages.  Watch
for the funniest part.

Night Stalker [Chapter 1]
Used in: 1 (Dark Viper)
Found at: Underground Channel, during spinning attack
Scoop Memo: This one thinks it's a ballerina.  Snap it the moment it does its
spinning attack.

Paznos [Chapter 5]
Used in: 2 (Heavy Hammer, Ruler's Sword)
Found at: Gundorada Workshop, upon 100% completion
Scoop Memo: Try for a shot of the aerial fortress, Paznos.

Phantom Memo Eater (missable) [Chapter 3]
Used in: 1 (Star Breaker)
Found at: Starlight Canyon, Yorda's Valley, any time during the fight
Scoop Memo: Those Memo-Eaters are hard to find.  And they never travel
together.  How's that for a scoop?
Missable: Only during boss battle

Puppet Shingala (missable) [Chapter 4]
Used in: 1 (Dark Viper)
Found at: Ocean Roar Cave, Cave of the Ancient Mural, take a picture of
Shingala's head
Scoop Memo: Catch Shingala being controlled in the heat of battle.  It's
quite the sight...
Missable: Only during boss battle

R. Butterfly United (missable) [Chapter 2]
Used in: 0
Found at: Rainbow Butterfly Wood, hit the wrong color butterfly, take
picture as they reassemble
Scoop Memo: You probably want to get a shot of the butterfly fused back
together.  That'd make a much better picture.
Missable: Only during boss battle

Ruler of the Pond (ghost) [Chapter 1]
Used in: 1 (Anti-Goo Amulet)
Found at: Palm Brinks lake, center, at night
Scoop Memo: It's kind of like a haunted picture, that haze around Palm Brinks
Park...

Spinning Ivanoff [Chapter 3]
Used in: 1 (Sand Breaker)
Found at: Starlight Canyon, when rolling towards you
Scoop Memo: This guy comes spinning at you at top speed, trying to knock you
down!  So be quick with that shutter finger of yours!

Spooky Grass Smile [Chapter 2]
Used in: 0
Found at: Rainbow Butterfly Wood, take a picture of a Man-Eating Grass
as it &quot;laughs&quot;
Scoop Memo: Man-Eating Grass has a creepy smile.  Looks like it's eating
something.  That's when you get the shot.

Sun Chamber Gate Keeper [Chapter 7]
Used in: 1 (Treasure Chest Key)
Found at: Gargoyle outside final battle with Griffon
Scoop Memo: Get a shot of the bronze statue in front of the Sun Gate.

Symbol of Luna Lab [Chapter 4]
Used in: 1 (Missile Pod Arm II)
Found at: Luna Labs, on top of Central Lab once Georama is 100%
Scoop Memo: Look for the Luna Lab emblem up above the Central Lab.

The Ultimate Gaspard (missable) [Chapter 5]
Used in: 1 (Panther Boots)
Found at: Mount Gundor Summit, after transformation
Scoop Memo: Gaspard can change his appearance using Griffon's magic.  Get a
shot of that!
Missable: Only during boss battle

Tore's Nap [Chapter 2]
Used in: 0
Found at: Rainbow Butterfly Wood, take a picture of a Tore as it sleeps
Scoop Memo: Tore may be a big bulky beast, but it sure does like its naps.
Sneak in and snap it then!

Veniccio's Evening Sun [Chapter 4]
Used in: 0
Found at: Veniccio, take a picture of the sun as it sets
Scoop Memo: Try and get a shot of the sun sinking behind the horizon off the
Veniccio coast.

Water Gem Altar [Chapter 6]
Used in: 0
Found at: Ocean's Roar Cave, altar on which the Water Gem rests
NOTE: This is NOT the same as the Water Altar!  See the Ideas section
for the location of the Water Altar.
Scoop Memo: Get a shot of the Water Gem Altar in Ocean's Roar Cave.

Wind Gem Altar [Chapter 6]
Used in: 1 (Machine Gun Arm IV)
Found at: Starlight Canyon, altar on which the Wind Gem rests
NOTE: This is NOT the same as the Wind Altar!  See the Ideas section
for the location of the Wind Altar.
Scoop Memo: Get a shot of the Wind Gem Altar in Starlight Canyon.
